off-device Agentic Coding. Let
me just show you
one more example of
that. Our bug is
still getting smashed here.
We're going to let
this run. And then
of course we'll validate
the work at the
end. We're moving toward
Automating the full software
development lifecycle. So how
will we build features
end to end? Do
we, the engineer, sit
down and type code?
We know that that's
not the case, right?
We're going to stop
coding. We don't even
want to type the
plan ourselves. Can leverage
agentics to look through
our codebase to
help us plan and
then we can of
course you know review
the plans review our
templates that generate the
plan so how are